Hiking List Generator
===================

## Because if we're going to have hiking lists, they might as well be accurate.

This repository reads in Truth Files as a batch, and produces hiking lists based on those truth files. This repository is designed to adhere to rigid files structures as a vehicle of consistency.

> **Core Concepts:**
>
>  - Lists are generated by way of a Python script which reads *Source Of Truth* files.
>  - *Source Of Truth* files are YML formatted and reside in the **source_of_truth** directory.
>  - *Source Of Truth* files can import other source of truth files. imported *Source Of Truth* files only import peaks from those *Source Of Truth* files. The head *Source Of Truth* file dictates list behavior
>  - *Source Of Truth* files contain other metadata which dictate the behavior of the list.
>  - The Python script can generate multiple list formats at once.
>  - Lists generated will be placed in:   */lists/{location}/(csv|xls)/(full|abridged)/{listname}*



All *Source Of Truth* files must contain peaks which include at a mandatory minimum the following datapoints:

- Name
- Elevation
- Latitude
- Longitude


#### Source Of Truth (Meta)data
> - **list_name** (string) the prefix used for the generated list file name.
> - **standalone:** (true|false) dictates if this list is to be generated as a standalone when *cascading* is disabled
> - **location:** (string) indicates the location of this list. This is used for determining what output directory to place the final list into.
> - **peaks:** (list) list of peaks with required *Name, Elevation, Latitude, and Longitude.*
> - **import:** (list) list of *yml* files to import additional peaks from.
> - **max:** (int) truncate list to this number of peaks if the number of peaks exceeds that value.
> - **forced_import:** (list) when cascading is turned off, forcibly import peaks from this list of *yml* files
> - **sortby:** (string) forcibly sort this list by this column. The default is *Elevation*
> - **ordered_columns:** (list) control the ordering of columns. Any other columns discovered will be appended at the end of this list.
> - **only_use_explicit_ordered_columns**(true|false) To be used with *ordered_columns* this expressly forbids additional discovered columns from being added.

#### Command line options

```
optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -s, --cascade         Generate full list
  -c, --csv             produce CSV list
  -x, --xls             produce XLS list
  -k, --kml             produce KML map
  -r, --ascendingsort   sort list by ascending
  -f SOTFILE, --file SOTFILE
                        single yaml file from source_of_truth dir to process.
                        ex: "blah.yml"
```
